WIP [KeyVault] How to fill the form of the Deploy button (#7362)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/keyvault/keyvault-keys/README.md

[![](http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-sdk-for-js%2Fmaster%2Fsdk%2Fkeyvault%2Ftest-resources.json)

> To fill this form:

Reviewer: I feel like these instructions should be in a separate file? They're very long and are unlikely to be useful except maybe once, so having this be so prominent in the readme might push down other valuable content like install instructions. Really really want install instructions "above the fold".

Reviewer: Anyone else have feelings either way here?

Reviewer 2: That seems fair, then just have a link to that separate file here.

Author: I moved them to a separate file!

> 1. If you know about ARM templates, or you're interested to learn about them, we recommend you to take some time to read through the [ARM template used by the deploy button in this readme](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/keyvault/deploy-button-guide/sdk/keyvault/test-resources.json). You can read more about ARM templates in the [Azure Resource Manager templates overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates/overview).

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this bullet point - users shouldn't feel like they have to learn a super complex topic just to use the simple deployment form. Also this is the readme so we should prefer short and sweet!

Author: Ok! What do you think if we move similar to this to the end of the bullet points? Like "If you want to learn more about.... please read...."

Reviewer: A link anywhere is fine by me if it's short. Like "Learn more about [arm templates]()."

Author: I moved this to another file, just in this same branch, but this PR seems stale. Are you able to see this commit as part of this PR? https://github.com/sadasant/azure-sdk-for-js/commit/48aa4b909c27692322c1ff00a1d9eb1f2f88a436

> 1. If you know about ARM templates, or if you're interested to know about them, we recommend you to take some time to read through the [ARM template we are using for this button](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/keyvault/deploy-button-guide/sdk/keyvault/test-resources.json). You can read more about the concept of an ARM template in our [Azure Resource Manager templates overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates/overview).

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
```suggestion
1. If you know about ARM templates, or you're interested to learn about them, we recommend you to take some time to read through the [ARM template used by the deploy button in this readme](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/keyvault/deploy-button-guide/sdk/keyvault/test-resources.json). You can read more about ARM templates in the [Azure Resource Manager templates overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates/overview).
```

> 1. If you know about ARM templates, or if you're interested to know about them, we recommend you to take some time to read through the [ARM template we are using for this button](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/keyvault/deploy-button-guide/sdk/keyvault/test-resources.json). You can read more about the concept of an ARM template in our [Intro to Microsoft Azure Resource Manager Templates (Video)](https://dev.to/azure/intro-to-microsoft-azure-resource-manager-templates-video-9cc).

Reviewer 3: Is this a reliable link? official/unofficial?

Author: It's from Jay Gordon, published on the Azure dev.to account. I think it's official. I will ask Maggie though.

Author: I asked around and I got this, which seems better: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates/overview

> 1. If you know about ARM templates, or if you're interested to know about them, we recommend you to take some time to read through the ARM template we are using for this button [here](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-sdk-for-js%2Fmaster%2Fsdk%2Fkeyvault%2Ftest-resources.json). You can read more about the concept of an ARM template in our [Intro to Microsoft Azure Resource Manager Templates (Video)](https://dev.to/azure/intro-to-microsoft-azure-resource-manager-templates-video-9cc).

Reviewer 4: I'm assuming the [here] link is the same thing as the deploy button above, but it feels weird to call it out with such an unhelpful name as 'here', I think 'above' and not having it be linked would suffice? Either that or actually repeat the button wholesale

Author: Oh my bad, the here button is intended to go directly to the source of the ARM template, not to the deployment form.

Author: Fixed this! Please read it again.

> 1. If you know about ARM templates, or if you're interested to know about them, we recommend you to take some time to read through the ARM template we are using for this button [here](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-sdk-for-js%2Fmaster%2Fsdk%2Fkeyvault%2Ftest-resources.json). You can read more about the concept of an ARM template in our [Intro to Microsoft Azure Resource Manager Templates (Video)](https://dev.to/azure/intro-to-microsoft-azure-resource-manager-templates-video-9cc).

Reviewer 4: the first line feels like it should be some text before the list instead of the first item, but I know you want people to actually read it...

Author: I'm open to suggestions! This is meant as a conversation starter 🌞

> 2. The subscription, resource group and location are required fields, they help specify where to create the KeyVault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The subscription, resource group and location are required to specify where to create the KeyVault.
```

> 2. The subscription, resource group and location are required fields, they help specify where to create the KeyVault.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The subscription, resource group and location are required fields; they help specify where to create the KeyVault.
```

> 3. On the "Base Name", you'll see `[resourceGroup().name]`. Remove the contents of this field and type any alphanumeric string. This string will be used to generate unique names for the resources that will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For "Base Name", replace `[resourceGroup().name]` with any alphanumeric string. All new resources will use this name as a prefix.
```

> 3. On the "Base Name", you'll see `[resourceGroup().name]`. Remove the contents of this field and type any alphanumeric string. This string will be used to generate unique names for the resources that will be created.

Reviewer 2: Is the Base Name a prefix? If so it might be helpful to call it out as such. Also which resources are created by this (I'm assuming just a key vault)

Author: In this case is just one KeyVault! I'll make sure I mention that. I'll also leave this comment unresolved in the light that someone might be able to use this conversation to help them catch that their README changes need to be representative of the resources they create 👍

> 3. On the "Base Name", you'll see `[resourceGroup().name]`. Remove the contents of this field and type any alphanumeric string. This string will be used to generate unique names for the resources that will be created.

Reviewer 5: styling: you might want to use **Bold** font face for portal UI elements.  I've seen the patter in many azure docs.

Author: What would you like to make bold? Just sot that I can make sure I address your feedback properly.

Reviewer 5: For example, in one of the linked doc

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7583839/74481549-cad86a00-4e67-11ea-907d-1bf8be0fd023.png)

Author: I have used the bold markdown syntax on several words and names! Let me know if it's better now 🌞

> 4. To fill the "Tenant Id" field, copy it from the one you'll be able to see once you go to the [overview page of the Azure Active Directory section of the Azure portal](https://ms.portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_AAD_IAM/ActiveDirectoryMenuBlade/Overview).

Reviewer 2: It might be easier to have the user create their App Registration in AAD, then grab the tenant (directory) id and application (client) id from there, since both appear on the same page in the App Registration and they have to go there anyway for the client id.

Author: Thank you! I'll use that 👍

> 5. To fill the "Test Application Oid", you'll first need to create an Azure Active Directory application ([here's how to](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal)). Once created, go to your application's overview page, and you'll see an "Object ID" property. This is the one that you want to copy and paste on the form.

Reviewer 4: instead of [here's how to] maybe just linkify the text [create an Azure Active Directory application] ?

Author: Linkified!

> 5. To fill the "Test Application Oid", you'll first need to create an Azure Active Directory application (Read: [How to: Use the portal to create an Azure AD application and service principal that can access resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal)). Once created, go to your application's overview page, and you'll see an "Object ID" property. This is the one that you want to copy and paste on the form.

Reviewer: I can help tersify once you've made changes based on @chradek's comments 😀

> 6. Finally, accept the terms and conditions, then click on the "Purchase" button.

Reviewer 2: AAAHHH, purchase?! :smile: How do I delete the resources if I hit this by mistake (or just want to delete in general)?

Author: I'll mention how to delete this!

Reviewer: Presumably they should READ the terms and conditions, not just accept them? 😁

> 7. A badge will appear on the top right of the portal, indicating that the resource is being created. You can go to your resource group's page, then go to the "Deployments" section to see a history of all the deployments you've made. You'll see that those deployments that have used an ARM template will say in their names "Microsoft.Template". Once you click in one of them, you'll see at the left "Outputs" as one of the menu options. If your deployment has succeeded, you will see the name of the KeyVault that was just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. A notification will appear on the top right of the portal indicating that the resource is being created. Clicking on the notification will show you deployment status. You will also find this information under your resource group's *Deployments* page.
```

* I think portal calls these things notifications not badges...
* General tutorial about managing resources seems out of scope for this document.
